In this lesson, we will look at another annotation that we can use to supply parameters to our method,
and this information is called value source.
Let's actually create a new test method for it.
I will call it our value source demonstration.
It is going to be parameterized test.
So I will annotated with parameterized test annotation and the new annotation that we are going to use
is called value source.
So I will Arnett as well.
Value source find this now value source one patient is very simple and it lets us supply only one single
array of values.
So our method values source demonstration can accept only single parameter.
Let's say this parameter is a first name and just for demonstration purposes, I will use system art
to print out this first name.
And I will also assert that this value is not now.
So I will use assert not now assertion and will provide first name here.
If the value of first name is null, this test method will fail and we know there is something wrong.
Okay, so now let's provide parameters to this method and we will use values for foundation and the
brackets will provide value.
So we are working with strings and the data type of parameters is going to be string and in curly brackets
will can provide values.
The first value is going to be, John, the second value in double quotes.
So each value is in double quotes and it is separated with comma.
Let's say, Kate and the third value is going to be Alice.
So with this configuration, my unit test will run three times.
Each time it will accept one parameter as a first name.
So first value will be John.
Second time, when my unit test runs, it will be Kate.
And the third time when this unit test runs, the first name will be Alice.
All right, so let's try.
I will click on the run button and we'll run this test.
And it passes my test Metatron three times.
First time for John.
Second time for Keith.
And third time for Alex.
Now, if you look into values for sanitation by holding command button on your keyboard and then clicking
on the value source, you will see that it can also work with different other data types.
It can work with Schwartz, it can work with bytes, it can work with integer swings, flows and so
on.
In this example, I have used strings, but I could have used any of these data types.
All right, so let's close it.
And now you know how to use value source citation as well.
Let's continue.